Hourglass control :
-> Test DEFAULT

Indenter :
The current rockwell indenter is only spherical for depth up to 27um, change of regime after that
Does the indenter mass has any impact ( cf KE, mass scaling)

Mesh size :
Push the mesh convergence to get a Force convergence ( invisible for size > 0.02)
about 4 elements in contact area for thinest mesh (0.2), need more

Implement the force driven test

Constant :
The extraction of data ( Etotal, SCOF) for constant SD does not take the scratching into account -> wrong values


Decrease scratch time to get finer meshs
make sure its time independent 
other models
increase mass scale ?
tester un coeff de friction plus bas jusqu'à 0.01

Questions about the goal of the whole study :

When is a first data set expected ?
Should the results precision or the general behavior be preferred ?



For other models building :

Need to study the mass scaling according to the used material
-> would be about 5000 for glassy aphomous for example due to high E

Modify the checks according to each models 

Determine which parameters to sample
-> for semicrystalline with plasticty + Linear elasticity, it would be E, rho, nu, and the yield table ?

Build a test extractor and a final results one 

With lab results, will need to run determination algorithm with initial guess for sets of values ( Monte-Carlo ?)
-> which paramters are determined ,which are sampled ?

Figure out if combining viscoelastic and plastic is possible 

Use of a VUMAT, pre-built for polymer behavior

NEW :

friction coefficient study,

With Mooney Rivlin, - The KE/IE decreases with the friction
                    - Energy drift strongly increases when friction decreases (unrealistic values ?)
                    - Effect of ploughing increases (relatively to mu) when friction decreases
                    - Applied force is unchanged ( surprising ?)
                    - Slight increase of residual depth with mu

With Elastic + Von Mises,   - Residual depth and pile-up decrease with mu
                            

semicrystalline and new models,

from 300 to 600 mN of force
Energy drift too high even with lower mass scaling

runners regrouped


SOLVED
Partionninbg :
Still issues for implementation, is it necessary ? influence on symmetry ?

DONE
Extraction of U is done on the very last frame, unable to capture true deformation for eps verifier

DONE
Etotal is always constant
-> do the sum of all energies available and ensure that the Etotal is calculated on the right part 

DONE
sampling of D1 has to be set accoridng to C01 and C10 values 
-> need to adjust the rest of the code for when I will use it

DONE
shear peak was at the dpo_y limit, increased it

DONE
Probably go back to a linked sampling for parameters, individual one not useful anymore for C10, r, r_K